Original                 Reverse Order            
------------------------------------------------
Extended                 zero                     
Distributed              service-desk             
Up-sized                 responsive               
Devolved                 productivity             
even-keeled              parallelism              
framework                optimizing               
User-centric             object-oriented          
architecture             next                     
next                     network                  
generation               matrix                   
Function-based           local                    
local                    human-resource           
area                     hierarchy                
network                  grid-enabled             
Robust                   generation               
Future-proofed           framework                
productivity             framework                
discrete                 framework                
De-engineered            even-keeled              
responsive               discrete                 
Enhanced                 area                     
framework                architecture             
Multi-layered            administration           
matrix                   Vision-oriented          
hierarchy                Virtual                  
User-centric             User-centric             
Extended                 User-centric             
Organic                  Up-sized                 
Vision-oriented          Robust                   
Realigned                Realigned                
grid-enabled             Organic                  
Virtual                  Multi-layered            
parallelism              Future-proofed           
zero                     Function-based           
administration           Extended                 
object-oriented          Extended                 
human-resource           Enhanced                 
optimizing               Distributed              
service-desk             Devolved                 
framework                De-engineered            
